Introduce Key Directive (#31)
graphql/composite-schemas-spec: spec/Section 2 -- Source Schema.md

- `coordinate`: Represents a schema coordinate that refers to a type system
  member.

### @key

The `@key` directive designates an object type as an entity and specifies its key fields (a set of fields that the _source schema_ can use to uniquely identify any instance of the entity).

```graphql
directive @key(fields: FieldSet!) repeatable on OBJECT | INTERFACE
```

**Arguments:**

> - `fields`: Represents a GraphQL selections set syntax that refers to fields of the annotated type that represent a unique key to resolve the same type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fields`: Represents a GraphQL selection set syntax that refers to fields of the annotated type that represent a unique key to resolve the type.
```
